/* 
This file is part of Coherent UI, modern user interface library for 
games. Release 1.2.1. Build 1.2.1.2 for $LICENSEE$. 

Copyright (c) 2012 Coherent Labs Limited and/or its licensors. All 
rights reserved in all media. 

The coded instructions, statements, computer programs, and/or related 
material (collectively the "Data") in these files contain confidential 
and unpublished information proprietary Coherent Labs and/or its 
licensors, which is protected by United States of America federal 
copyright law and by international treaties. 

This software or source code is supplied under the terms of a license 
agreement and nondisclosure agreement with Coherent Labs Limited and may 
not be copied, disclosed, or exploited except in accordance with the 
terms of that agreement. The Data may not be disclosed or distributed to 
third parties, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of 
Coherent Labs Limited. 

COHERENT LABS MAKES NO REPRESENTATION ABOUT THE SUITABILITY OF THIS 
SOURCE CODE FOR ANY PURPOSE. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT 
HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, 
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER, ITS AFFILIATES, 
PARENT COMPANIES, LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS, OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR 
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL 
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS 
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) 
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, 
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN 
ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE OR SOURCE CODE, 
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. 
*/
